So this is our first session in
the norming study. You're going
to see two types of pictures.
The first one that you're about
to see is a complex scene.
So as the name suggest it is.
If I can just move it, OK,
you're going to see a complex
scene. Imagine you're describing
it to somebody who cannot see
the picture. Describe what is
happening and what you see as
thoroughly as possible. And
please try to take between three
and five minutes.
OK, here we go.
It can start when you're ready.
Ohh gosh.
So um.
#START_picture_this I see a
whole bunch of tiles which are
laid out.
On a surface they are. They are
partially overlapping.
And.
each tile.
Shows a particular image of a
person or an animal or whatever.
There is a a white notebook in
the upper left hand corner.
Of the of the scene which says
picture this.
It's a little hard to read.
{When I look at all these framed
portraits, although they may be
colored differently. Some of
these are characters I have met
on my other travels. There are
also.
Some who appear elsewhere in
this book.
Can you spot your characters
that appear twice in this
spectacular?
Display.}
OK, so.
I've never seen this display
before, so I can't do the
recognition that they.
The the note is talking about.
{yeah, don't worry about the the
the task, you can just.}
So um.
Starting on the.
There, there there are.
In addition to the all the
tiles, there are two.
Things which are not tiles. One
is a picture, a person that
looks like a caveman at the
bottom left hand corner walking
in a direction away from the
rest of the tiles, and then what
looks like an airplane on the
the middle left hand side flying
away from the tiles.
So the only thing I can do now
is start to describe the tiles
themselves.
And.
{Do better. Maybe with my other
glasses. I'm on all the sizes.
Complex. It's complex, so.}
Let me on the bottom, bottom
right.
The first tile, well.
Maybe I should start on the on
the on the top left.
So the top left corner is a
picture of a a dragon.
Moving to the right, there's a
picture of a a man with his
mouth open. Or it could be a.
Like a suit of armor with the
visor open.
The next one to the right is a
person standing over a body. It
looks like maybe a pirate who is
just slain somebody. The next
one to the right is a picture of
a person's head and shoulders.
It's upside down.
The person looks like maybe he
has his his hand or his finger
to his mouth.
Umm.
The next one to the right is.
A person with a maybe a crown,
but it's sideways, so the
person's face is facing down.
Going to the right again, there
is a person with a battle axe
that looks like an old style
soldier holding a a a battle axe
above his head.
The next is a picture of a a
wolf or a dog.
Just the head and shoulders of
that.
Uh.
Next we have a picture of a a
person, a man.
With looks like a wheelbarrow,
and in the wheelbarrow is
another man.
Both men are wearing red
baseball caps. The the man
pushing the wheelbarrow has a
blue jacket and kind of.
reddish tannish pants. This
person in the wheelbarrow has a
yellow shirt and blue pants.
Next to the right is a person
holding a shield and a sword.
The shield is in the left hand.
The sword is in the right hand.
The.
The tunic that this person is
wearing is green on the left and
red on the right.
Going to the right again, we
have a picture of.
Some kind of animal. I'm not
sure whether it's a camel or a a
donkey or whatever, but it's it
has a it could be a horse, but
it's funny looking horse.
#END_picture_this
OK, that was about 5 minutes. We
can go on to the next one. OK,
OK, so unlike a complex scene,
this time you're about to see
graphic novels. So there are a
series of pictures that tell a
story. Again, imagine you're
telling the story that someone
who cannot see them and describe
what you see and what is
happening, and we're aiming for
between 10 and 15 minutes. OK,
OK.
So this one has around 3 pages.
And just like a book, it goes
from left to right, up top to
bottom.
Sure. So there are. Are you
saying there are three pages?
I'm only seeing the first of
them or?
OK.
I'm I'm jiggling back and forth
with two pairs of glasses here.
I normally use the.
The the the other ones for
computer but but these. This is
sufficiently small that I've got
to get close enough and then I'm
back in my bifocal range, so.
Alright, so, um, should I should
I start? I'm, I'm sorry, I
haven't actually started yet.
OK, you start when you're ready.
#START_arrival_2 OK, so we see.
Two women.
Sitting.
I'm not quite sure. They have
suitcases so they're travelling
somewhere.
Can't quite make out what's the
left of them. Is it a a person
in a bed?
Or is it a child? So anyway that
these two women are going on a
journey, they they look to be
not, they're not wealthy. They
they look poor. Like one of the
huddled masses maybe.
They're they're also, uh, the
next picture has um, 2, two men.
Maybe three men, two with flat
caps. Uh, they also have luggage
there. They're travelling.
Probably not well, so they may
be immigrants.
The the third is a woman with a
baby, so it's the same.
Same journey story, so.
We we then see a man.
In a, writing In a book.
Perhaps a journal.
And and then he tears a page out
of the book and he starts to do
origami with with the page that
he's torn out, and he makes a.
A crane. I guess it would be a
crane. He holds up that crane.
He's looking at it. I think he's
fairly pleased with his work,
but he looks around for a place
to.
Place this crane.
Um.
And he's.
Looking around and and and he, I
guess he goes out on deck on the
ship that he's on and he he's
sees things in the sky and.
All of a sudden there are these.
Um.
Birds or what they look like
birds. But they're actually not
birds. They're they're.
They're origami like things that
are floating around, so it's
unclear how so many of them got
there or what their relation is
to the man who.
Um, who made the crane.
I'm I'm trying to make sure that
it's the same man who made the
crane who is looking around, but
because the background is
different, but I think it's
because.
In the right hand page, he's
supposed to be outside, whereas
he was inside when he was making
the crane inside the ship.
So.
The man is, uh when he's looking
at these.
These origami cranes which are
flow which are flying all around
the boat is. Also there are lots
of other people on the boat who
are seeing the same thing and
they are all amazed I'm sure.
So now the boat arrives in New
York City. You can see the
Empire State Building there,
though we don't see the Statue
of Liberty, which is the iconic
thing. But anyway, the people
are all on deck on the boat.
Looking and.
The in addition to the typical
New York skyline we see.
2 remarkable vessels.
Which hold giant figures.
Um.
They look.
Chinese or other uh, East Asian
in, in character.
One is holding.
Some kind of animal. The one on
the left is holding an animal.
Uh. And he has a, uh, a hat.
Uh, it kind of a.
A cylindrical hat and he's
looking at the other figure, and
holding on to the other figure's
hands. It's like a handshake.
The other figure has a
triangular hat and on his
shoulder is a bird. The his
other hand that is the the right
hand figure's hand. Right hand
figure's right hand is holding
a.
A piece of fruit I think is an
apple.
And the the each of the figures
is standing in a different boat.
The boats contain a strange
mixture of of things. On the
right there's a teapot and an
ice bucket and.
Maybe a metronome? I'm not sure.
On the left hand one there's a
suitcase and a teacup.
And a.
A flask of some kind and a bowl
with perhaps some fruit in it.
Not clear.
Umm.
But anyway, these these two
figures are intently looking at
each other. They seem to be
making a friendly gesture and
perhaps exchanging gifts.
There's also another small boat
which is approaching the the
boat in which all these people
came.
And in the background is, is, is
New York City, yeah.
And now the the scene shifts to
a view from the shore where we
see the the large ship in which
these people have been traveling
with people lining the rail. The
the view is is from beneath,
which gives a sense of the size
of this this ship. It's really
big.
And um.
This the sky is quite dramatic.
It's very heavy clouds, but some
light breaking through the
clouds and contributing to the
drama is on the left you see a
chimney with smoke belching from
it and the smoke.
YThe smoke almost blends into
the into the clouds. ou see
birds. Ohh. In fact they're not
birds at all, but they're these
origami things.
flying around the ship.
And in the left foreground
there's a, a, a buoy. I think
it's a buoy with a with a a
circle star on on the top.
There were also.
Another smaller boat.
Unclear what the relationship of
that is to the big boat, but it
it appears that this large boat
is approaching the dock.
And then we see people.
Probably disembarking from the
from the boat. There's a.
There's a person with a
megaphone directing them where
to go, although.
You'd think the person would be
official, but he looks more like
a I don't know, somebody from a
circus. Not very official.
Uh, you see a hands with with
boxes. There, there are probably
people who are going to unload
things from the from the, from
the ship.
And then, uh, we we see somebody
carrying a suitcase.
We see a.
A family, a man with beard, a
woman and some, some children
with their with their luggage.
They're all getting off the
ship. And then a larger crowd of
people and a big queue of people
who've just got off the ship.
You see the ship in the
background, people with their
suitcases and they're waiting
for.
Processing of of some kind, or
they're waiting to be admitted
to the United States.
#END_arrival_2
So that was just part of this
story.
To moving on, this is another
graphic novel. It has about 20
pages.
Just gotta take a little drink
of water, horse from all the
talking.
OK. All right.
Right. So you want me to start?
Are you ready?
Uh.
Tricky this. Yeah it is. And if
you see any words you don't have
to read them. #START_quest OK
alright so we we see pages of of
a book. There, the scene is a is
in a park.
The uh there is a bridge in the
in the park, two children are
sheltering from the rain uh
under the bridge.
They came on a bicycle. It
almost looked like it's a a
bicycle with two seats so that
they they both came on.
I think it's a boy and a girl.
The boy has a horizontally
striped shirt there. The girl
has a white shirt and they're
both wearing shorts.
The the bridge is surrounded by
elaborate carvings. There's a
picture of one of a like an
Angel with wings.
And uh, standing on a on a rock
in a proclaiming kind of pose.
On the other side of the bridge,
we see a figure. It looks like a
oriental kind of figure with
hands outstretched. Maybe a
almost.
Indian maybe?
This is a very different kind of
figure from the one on the on
the left hand side of the
picture.
And on the right hand side of
the picture we see what looks to
be a a mermaid with a with a, a
person with a outstretched hand.
But the lower part is is a fishy
tail.
Inside, under the bridge, there
is a door that seems presumably
leads into a chamber. And
there's a there's a light. So.
So these kids are sheltering
from the rain.
In this mysterious bridge with a
mix of cultures, the door itself
looks.
Like a Middle Eastern Arab, kind
of.
Door. So I think we're we're
drawn to wonder what's behind
that door. And I bet we're gonna
find out.
So.
The door opens.
And a figure comes out. It
looks.
An old man with a a long white
beard.
And A and a an orange.
Robe.
He's got a.
A crown. It's almost like a
biblical figure or.
Good King Wenceslas or somebody
like that.
Above the door we see more
detail. Now there's a uh.
Picture of a of a of a boat
going over looks like a an
aqueduct with it's it's almost
Egyptian looking the way the
figures are arranged and and we
see this mermaid again in a a
fuller figure that that are over
the door.
The children are very surprised
by this appearance of the of the
man through the door and he's
holding a piece of paper.
Which
Shows.
Circular design, almost like a
set of rings which are linked
together in a circle and
attending this event is is this
purple bird with a long tail.
Um.
And we we also see that the
children have these red
cylinders in their hands. Well,
the girl's is red, the boy's is
more purple.
Uh.
And and then we we see the old
man.
Um, pointing out something
To the boy. The boy seems to be
holding the the paper with the
Purple bird sitting on his left
shoulder.
Um, can't really make out what's
happening with the with the.
Girl the girl. Oh, the the the
girl has put on this bandolier
um which the old man had been
wearing when he came out of the
out of the door.
And he the the old man has taken
the red cylinder that the girl
had been holding.
But now some armed soldiers come
out of the door too, and grab
the old man. Um.
The.
Children are alarmed, but
there's still the the boy still
has the scroll and the girl
still has the bandolier the the
bird is flapping around and.
With concern and.
Something that the old man was
holding, like another cylinder
has, has just popped into the
air when the soldiers grabbed
him. The soldiers walk off with
the old man, take him back
through the door.
The kids still have what they
had, and the that cylinder that
popped out of the old man's hand
and looking back, he had it when
he came through the door is
lying on the ground.
So the kids. So then I have the
door closes.
The kids.
Uh, are left alone. The the girl
picks up the orange cylinder
which the man had. The old man
had dropped, and the girl is
using the Bandolier, the little.
Little straps, the little I
don't know.
Receptacles on the bandolier to
hold that orange.
That orange cylinder. And so
they're they're they're
wondering what to do.
Next.
And.
Then.
They're still standing by this
door, the birds flapping around.
And the girl
Some things happened to the
orange cylinder so that it's got
this.
I don't know. It's almost like a
a gun sight or a.
Some attachment with the
circular top and she's looking
through.
The circle but.
Oh.
It turns out that.
That somehow
These cylinders that they have
turned into a key.
Which they use to open the door,
and they run through the door
where the soldiers are taking
the old man and the bird is
flying after them.
So when they get through the
door.
They emerge from this rock in
this whole new world.
Where there's a lake and the
castle and uh machines flying
through the air and the the old
man being taken through.
A big Watergate in into into the
castle. It's a stern Wheeler
ship that is carrying him
through, surrounded by soldiers.
And they're they're watching
this scene.
In amazement.
There there's also some
mysterious stuff going on with
fires in some of the some of the
towers on the left, so there may
be some trouble in this castle.
We're not quite sure.
OK, proceed.
So.
ah now the perspective changes
and we see that.
The ship is not actually going
through a Watergate into the
city, but it's going through a,
a a an archway which leads out
to the open sea.
And uh the the archway is uh has
a.
An aqueduct on top where there
where boats are moving across
but we still see fires in the
city so there may be some some
some trouble but the boy has
looked has has opened this.
Paper that we saw with the
circles on and now we see it's a
map.
And the the map.
Is a a map of this this
mysterious world.
And he's pointing at.
A picture of a of a of a temple
that the the circles are on that
that we've seen before that were
linked are are each of the
circles has a picture of a of a
location with different
locations.
This looks like a an underwater
temple because there are fish
that looks like it's under it
looks like the temple, it's
underwater. There are fish
swimming around the one. That's
the one he's pointing at. But
then there are, there are.
Five others.
Maybe the edge of a bridge, a
mountain, a tropical island, a
forest with, with lanterns
hanging from a tree which has a
door in the foot and and then a
city which and in fact the city.
Is the one that corresponds most
closely to the scene that the
children actually find
themselves in.
So now we see the children are
still in the the rock that they
came to when they came through
the door, but there are people
in boats that are approaching
them.
And the suspicion is that those
people.
Are after the kids. That they're
not supposed to be there.
And they may be trying to
capture them or do them harm.
But that's where these.
These cylinders that the kids
have been holding.
Uh, proved to be useful because
somehow they make out of.
Diving equipment so they have
fins for their, flippers for
their feet.
And.
The bird.
The Purple bird is somehow also
helping them.
This the the girl.
uses the.
The red cylinder to create the
flippers, but she's also
creating some other.
Thing which is not clear is like
a ball or a.
Maybe it's something to help
them breathe under.
Water.
But anyway, they, they and the
bird both dive in the into the
water to escape the people who
are approaching them.
Oh, and the bird has turned into
what looks like a an octopus or
a squid, and the circles are now
revealed to be diving helmets
and.
And also oxygen cylinders that
the girl has has drawn using
this magic.
Red cylinder and the the purple
bird, now turned into a a squid
or an octopus is is.
It's pulling them towards this
underwater temple that the boy
had seen on on the map. The
various fish swimming around and
the temple is lit by this.
By a light, a mysterious light.
And they get there.
And they see that the source of
this light is.
Something that is.
On a on a pedestal in the centre
of the the temple.
Um.
And I think the girl takes it
takes this.
Precious object.
And she's holding in her hand,
and they're making their escape
again, holding onto this.
Squid. Oh, the squid and the
bird are actually separate. I
had thought, I thought that they
were the same, maybe the maybe
the purple birds split. But
anyway, there's a there's a a
purple bird and a squid, purple
squid which are separately. The
the squid is helping them get
away because.
Some, some inhabitants of this
underwater world have spotted
them.
And.
They don't like the fact that
the girl has stolen this
precious object which was at the
center of the temple, and
they're chasing them and they
have Spears and probably intend
to do them harm.
So they they get out of the
water.
Um.
And uh, move on to an island
where the the bird is was also
help, helping lead them.
And they're using these
wonderful crayons to draw
Something which is going to help
them. It's almost looks like
it's going to be like an
elephant or something that they
can ride away on, but
Um, we have to wait until the
next picture to see what it
actually is. But these these
crayons can help them. Oh, it's
a it's a rhinoceros. It's not a
it's not an elephant, but that
they've managed to draw.
With a little.
Uh.
Somewhere it's an elaborate
saddle, a place where they can
ride. It's also got a roof. And
they're going down this.
Trail towards a jungle temple.
Uh, it's almost Mayan like in
the steps that.
That rise up from the base of
the temple to its its peak and
there there are in fact multiple
structures in this jungle
temple.
Uh, and we also see that to the
right.
Of this.
These structures there's there's
also a.
Umm.
I guess it's a Cliff with a a a
rope bridge leading to.
An island with a a a stone tower
the the rope bridge connects
from the edge of the Cliff to
the top of the stone tower,
which is a similar architecture
to the to the temples and the in
the jungle and the.
That the.
Structure at the end of the rope
bridge is in fact inside in in
the sea.
With the and and we we view that
over the the very lush luxuriant
jungle.
So now of course, the the
children have reached the edge
of the Cliff and are rushing
over the bridge.
The rope bridge, um, led on by
the Purple Bird to the to this
structure we see there's a light
on top of the.
On the top of the tower.
And we're gonna find out. So
they get to the top of the the
tower somehow they they climb
up.
But they're pursued by soldiers
with Spears.
There, uh, and there is no
obvious escape.
But they again use their magic,
uh, pencils,
Magic markers to produce
something which is going to help
them escape. It's not exactly
clear what that's going to be,
but on the next thing we find
out that they produce a it's
like a swing.
With.
Long ropes that.
are held by a purple dragonfly.
Maybe the bird transformed into
a dragonfly again, but they are
are.
They escape from the grasp of
the of the soldiers who almost
get them, but not quite, by
flying away on this on this
swing seat which is pulled by
this this dragonfly and they're
flying across the the water
towards a mountain range where
the mountains are are are high.
And snow capped at the at the
peak.
And they are so so the the ohh I
see the dragonfly was was in
fact something that was drawn by
them, because the purple bird is
still a purple bird and it's
followed them and the dragonfly
lets them off on top of a
temple. It looks like a a
Buddhist temple.
Which is probably on top of the
mountain that we saw in the
previous picture. But these
these soldiers are resourceful
and they're coming after them in
these airship like things with
which are suspended from
balloons. We saw, we actually
saw them in the original.
Picture.
So they they're sitting on top,
they're standing on top of the
the temple.
And they seem to actually have
acquired more of these magic
crayons that the the girl has on
a bandolier, which she's now
taken off.
Um and.
It's not quite clear what
they're gonna do yet, but
they're probably gonna do
something with these these
crayons.
So the soldiers in the airships
are closing in on them.
There there are quite a lot of
them. And um.
There's no obvious escape from
this, from the peak of this, of
this temple.
There are.
Specks of white in the air,
which are probably is probably
snow.
And one of the soldiers is
reaching for the for the bird
which is fluttering above the
the children. And the bird, I
think, has the the bandolier in
its claws. The girl doesn't seem
to have it anymore. So it may be
that the the soldiers are.
After the bandolier.
As well or in the instead of the
children.
The.
There is a light, and I think
it's coming from a Lantern that
the soldier in the airship on
the on the right above the
children is holding, but it
makes.
An unusual illumination of the
soldier and the airship on the
left.
So.
unclear what's going to happen
next,
But.
The bird with the bandolier.
Moves and and draws a rainbow
with the different colours of
of.
Pencil that are are in that
Bandelier and the rainbow has
this.
Strange effects of of blowing
away the airships with the
soldiers. In fact, it it blows
them over.
And and the soldiers are are
falling out.
And this this tremendous.
uh blast of energy that is
coming from this, from this
rainbow that the bird is
producing. So the, the children
are are are safe there. They're,
they're rescued and and we see
in the distance.
A city which is looks like the
original. Well no it's not the
original city. It looks similar
to the original to the city
where they came out, but I think
it's different. But anyway,
that's where the bird is
heading. And then.
We see that the other end of the
rainbow.
Is.
Coming down on the boat that
where the old man, the the king
like figure.
Had had been been taken by the
by the soldiers and the soldiers
on that boat are all getting
blasted by the this energetic
rainbow that the the bird had
created and the the king is.
Joyful and um hailing the the
power of this, of this rainbow.
And uh, is, which is liberating
him from the soldiers that had
been trying to take him away to
uncertain fate.
And here now the.
The children and the the old man
are reunited.
On the the the purple rhinoceros
that the the kids had ridden
earlier. It looks like the king
has basically been restored to
his rightful throne. The rainbow
is illuminating the city with
joyful colours and.
They, the king and the children,
are being hailed.
By the by people.
In the city of of various kinds.
Some look official, some just
look like towns towns
townspeople. But the order and.
Joy and goodness has been
restored.
So now it's time for the
children to go home, having done
their part in rescuing the.
The The the King and restoring
order to this mysterious
Kingdom.
And the king takes them back to
the.
The door back to their world.
Um, but before they go the the
the King uses one of these magic
markers to produce crowns for
the children and um.
Sends them back with his
profound thanks.
And the children go back to
their.
To their city, they come out
under the bridge through this
magic door and they see that
same rainbow or a similar
rainbow over their city.
And the the purple bird is still
with them.
And somehow they brought the
magic of this other Kingdom back
to the place where they live.
#END_quest
OK, so that was the story.
So then this next one, we're
going back to a complex scene
again. Just describe it.
Describe what you see and what
is happening.
And.
We're aiming for between three
and five minutes, OK, alright.
So it's just one slide, one
picture. OK. Yes.
#START_exhibit_12 OK, so we see
a scene with a lot of people.
There are. It's a big, big room
with three levels.
There are portraits all around.
This this large room, some of
which are on the wall and some
of which are being.
Um, moved about and and and put
up. The.
I see that there are there are
staircases which link the levels
of these rooms, and I see
people.
Moving portraits up and down
these staircases.
There are.
ah in in the in the center there
there's a a group of people
dressed in blue. I'm assuming
they're, they're, they're
policemen and they may be trying
to bring some order to this
scene. Somebody, some people may
be trying to steal these
pictures.
While others are just there to
to look at them.
The the pictures are on the
walls are of a variety of of
different things. Many of them
are are people, but not all.
So there's a.
Clown and there's a a picture of
a couple together. It's almost
like American Gothic.
The.
There's a picture of a woman
with a.
Maybe holding a a a club or a
stick of some kind.
There there's one unusual
picture of. It, it's almost like
a poster that.
But uh.
A Workman is trying to paste up
on on on the wall and that has a
very large faces on it there.
There.
And in some cases the.
Pictures.
And the the real life people are
are reflective of each other. So
there's a picture of a of a
horse with a with a knight on
it. Yet, standing right next to
it is a looks like a, a, a
wooden horse with a man riding
it.
In a similar kind of post to the
picture.
We. We.
We see.
Um.
A couple of people in in the
middle level. There are workmen
holding.
Picture it is almost like
they're they're, they're,
they're standing in in in midair
that they're holding a picture
of. It looks like a.
A. A ball from a ball and chain.
Hmm. And they're they're they're
holding it up without any
visible means of support. It's
not clear what they're standing
on.
What else?
There are some pictures in in
the in the crowd.
Umm.
And the one one other curious is
that the caption, the Big
caption on the left called the
Great Portrait Exhibition,
Which I'm not. I won't read but.
That the people.
There seem to be.
Writing question marks.
Surrounding it. People on, on
ladders, they're all they're all
contributing actively to this,
to this caption. #END_exhibit_12
OK, so that was about 5 minutes.
We can move on to the next item.
This is part of a graphic novel.
It has 2 pages.
#START_arrival_3 So there's a
boy selling newspapers. He's
he's holding a placard and a
script that I don't recognize
and can't read.
But he's certainly selling
selling news.
There's a woman holding a cat.
Uh, talking to another woman.
A man.
Selling.
Looks like some kind of warm
food. But oddly enough, there's
a, I don't know why, there's a
hedgehog in a little basket next
to this hot food stand, and
there there's a man and a woman
with huge eggs. They're putting
away another in a box.
Unclear how all these pictures
are related.
There's a Barber shaving a
person, but it almost looks like
the the person is a child. So
it's odd to be shaving a a
child. There's a.
A pair of musicians. Uh, one
playing
Violin with an odd looking bow
with nubs on it and.
The other one playing a kind of
a combination.
Tuba.
Concertina.
Affair.
Uh.
Wo women.
Looking at some, some some
writing of, of, of some kind,
sitting in a row underneath a, a
poster and a man with a suitcase
who looks the most normal of all
of these people may be gazing
around in some bewilderment
about what's all going on,
because none of these pictures
seem to fit together in in a in
a meaningful way.
But now,
The man looks at.
a watch and and compares it to
an unusual looking clock on a
tower above him.
He moves through this.
Scene.
Past posters.
Uh and uh specs of of light
colored material descend from
the sky, but it's not snow,
these things are are glowing and
and a great wind comes and blows
off his hat which he collects
and and he sees a a map with on
the floor with with.
Arrows pointing in various
directions.
And he's also found a book,
unclear where the book came
from. But.
He may be trying to make sense
of these arrows and directions
using the book, but now a man
approaches him, maybe a Middle
Eastern type man and he's, he's
he's asking him.
What's going on? And the the,
the, the the man explains his
predicaments and the.
The the Middle Eastern guy.
tries to understand. In fact,
the man draws the picture of a
bed and it looks like he's
looking for lodging. And the the
the other man says, ah yes, I
understand.
And he leads him.
Towards a place where he can
presumably get lodging, but
strangely, this the the.
The Middle Eastern guy has has a
very strange animal in his
backpack which the man is
looking at with.
Great confusion and but
interest.#END_arrival_3
Alright, so that was just part
of the story. So moving on,
we're going back to our complex
scene.
Hmm, here we go.
Ohh #START_campsite OK so now we
have this is.
This is Waldo.
And, um, we have.
A, a river.
Cutting through a a set of of
fields, there's a, there's a
road which more or less
parallels the river in the upper
part, and there are there are
roads that approach the river in
the lower part. There are a
whole bunch of people camping in
with with.
Brightly coloured tents.
Some of which are standard
tents, some of which are are
more teepee style. There are
there are people fishing in the
river, but there are also
mermaids floating about in the
river.
And and and boats of various
kinds. There's a bridge over the
river, and the man in, it looks
like a a a punt.
With a long pole, but he has
banged his head under under
bridge while trying to get under
there in the river. There's also
a a shark coming coming down the
river.
A periscope of a.
Of a submarine with a bird
sitting on top of it and A and a
duck floating down the river.
There are.
In one of the fields there are
there are bulls and somebody is
trying to to fight the the bull.
With a red cloth.
There are.
There are hikers walking around
this this field, but they seem
to be suffering from exhaustion
and they're lying down. There's
also a man with a with a whip
who is presumably trying to
encourage them to keep going by
using the whip.
On the other side of the river
there there's also camping, but
it's done in more more kind of
recreational vehicle style
camping.
And uh, so those people seem to
be more, more, more modern.
Although one of the campers on
the right hand side seems to be
having a a a problem. There's a
looks like a fire in the camper
with smoke coming out.
There are.
Along the road, the parallels,
the river, there are people who
are who are running maybe in
kind of a race, and there are
also people on on bicycles and
one of them is a is a
penny-Farthing type type of
bicycle.
Um.
We we see a pack of of scouts.
Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts.
Towards the right of the picture
here. They're.
Um.
Some of them are saluting.
And some of them are sitting
around on the grass.
#END_campsite
Alright, that was about 5
minutes.
And moving on, this one, this
one will be the last one we do.
It's a five page graphic novel.
OK, alright.
#START_arrival_1 So there's a
picture of a of a family.
Daughter.
Uh, someone takes a picture from
the from the wall and and wraps
it up in a in a cloth. So
they're they're taking the
picture.
With them.
Somebody's hand is on somebody
else's.
And not quite sure if it's the
same person or not.
But I.
Yeah, I think it's probably the
same person. So they've wrapped
up, packed up this. There are a
variety of other household
items.
Origami picture of a of a bird,
a clock, a hat.
A family picture uh written by a
child. A cracked Teapot Cup and
and this this family again. So
so now we see that it in fact
was two different people.
uh, in in the first thing. And
the the the man and the woman
are.
Holding hands in a in a gesture
of of goodbye.
Probably over this suitcase.
Somebody is is is going to go
away. And they are, they are sad
about that.
So the the daughter has been
asleep and she wakes up. She has
her breakfast and she sees the
the the the suitcase.
Umm.
Lined up, but now they get
ready, they get ready to go out
and they leave their their
house. The father is carrying
the suitcase and the the.
The girl is between the mother
and the father, and they they
leave their house, but there was
a mysterious shadow. It's like a
tail of a of a dragon which is
above them. So so that may be
just a symbolic representation
of a threat that they're
fleeing.
So here's the.
here's the girl.
She looks.
A little confused, maybe
concerned, but they get to the
railway station.
And.
There the the father um shows
the origami bird he's been
carrying underneath his hat, and
he gives that to the girl.
He's saying goodbye to the girl,
and he's saying goodbye to his
wife. She's very sad to see him
go. And they hold hands one last
time as he gets onto the train,
and then the train has to leave
and the train steams away into
the distance with the man on it,
leaving the the wife and the
daughter behind.
So now they're, uh, he's he's
distant. He's he's got wherever
he's going, he's eating his.
Dinner and he sees, he, he
reflects.
Longingly on the family he's
left behind. And now we see that
in fact he's on a ship, he's on
a a big ship that is moving over
the ocean and taking him far
away from his his family.
#END_arrival_1
OK. So that's all I had for
today.